but the children of Israel committed a
but the children of Israel committed a trespass regarding the accursed things
trespass regarding the accursed things
trespass regarding the accursed things for akin the son of Carmi the son of Zab
for akin the son of Carmi the son of Zab
for akin the son of Carmi the son of Zab died the son of Zahra of the tribe of
died the son of Zahra of the tribe of
died the son of Zahra of the tribe of Judah took of the accursed things so the
Judah took of the accursed things so the
Judah took of the accursed things so the anger of the Lord
anger of the Lord
anger of the Lord burned against the children of Israel
burned against the children of Israel
burned against the children of Israel now Joshua sent men from Jericho to a I
now Joshua sent men from Jericho to a I
now Joshua sent men from Jericho to a I which is beside Beth even on the east
which is beside Beth even on the east
which is beside Beth even on the east side of Bethel and spoke to them go up
side of Bethel and spoke to them go up
side of Bethel and spoke to them go up and spy out the country so the man went
and spy out the country so the man went
and spy out the country so the man went up and spied out AI and they returned to
up and spied out AI and they returned to
up and spied out AI and they returned to Joshua and said to him do not let all
Joshua and said to him do not let all
Joshua and said to him do not let all the people go up but let about two or
the people go up but let about two or
the people go up but let about two or three thousand men go up and attack AI
three thousand men go up and attack AI
three thousand men go up and attack AI do not worry all the people there for
do not worry all the people there for
do not worry all the people there for the people of AI a few so about three
the people of AI a few so about three
the people of AI a few so about three thousand men went up there from the
thousand men went up there from the
thousand men went up there from the people but they fled before the men of
people but they fled before the men of
people but they fled before the men of AI and the men of AI struck down about
AI and the men of AI struck down about
AI and the men of AI struck down about 36 men for they chased them from before
36 men for they chased them from before
36 men for they chased them from before the gate as far as Shepherd and struck
the gate as far as Shepherd and struck
the gate as far as Shepherd and struck them down on the descent
them down on the descent
them down on the descent therefore the hearts of the people
therefore the hearts of the people
therefore the hearts of the people melted and became like water then Joshua
melted and became like water then Joshua
melted and became like water then Joshua tore his clothes he fell to the earth on
tore his clothes he fell to the earth on
tore his clothes he fell to the earth on his face before the Ark of the Lord
his face before the Ark of the Lord
his face before the Ark of the Lord until evening he and the elders of
until evening he and the elders of
until evening he and the elders of Israel and they put dust on their heads
Israel and they put dust on their heads
Israel and they put dust on their heads and Joshua said alas Lord God
and Joshua said alas Lord God
and Joshua said alas Lord God why have you brought this people over
why have you brought this people over
why have you brought this people over the Jordan at all to deliver us into the
the Jordan at all to deliver us into the
the Jordan at all to deliver us into the hand of the Amorite to destroy us oh
that we had been content and dwelt on
that we had been content and dwelt on the other side of the Jordan Oh Lord
the other side of the Jordan Oh Lord
the other side of the Jordan Oh Lord what shall I say when Israel turns its
what shall I say when Israel turns its
what shall I say when Israel turns its back before its enemies for the
back before its enemies for the
back before its enemies for the Canaanites and all the inhabitants of
Canaanites and all the inhabitants of
Canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land will hear it and surround us
the land will hear it and surround us
the land will hear it and surround us and cut off our name from the earth
and cut off our name from the earth
and cut off our name from the earth then what will you do for your great
then what will you do for your great
then what will you do for your great name get ah why do you lie thus on your
name get ah why do you lie thus on your
name get ah why do you lie thus on your face
face
face Israel has sinned and they have also
Israel has sinned and they have also
Israel has sinned and they have also transgressed my covenant which I
transgressed my covenant which I
transgressed my covenant which I commanded for they have even taken some
commanded for they have even taken some
commanded for they have even taken some of the accursed things and have both
of the accursed things and have both
of the accursed things and have both stolen and deceived and they have also
stolen and deceived and they have also
stolen and deceived and they have also put it among their own staff therefore
put it among their own staff therefore
put it among their own staff therefore the children of Israel could not stand
the children of Israel could not stand
the children of Israel could not stand before their enemies but turned their
before their enemies but turned their
before their enemies but turned their backs before their enemies because they
backs before their enemies because they
backs before their enemies because they have become doomed to destruction
have become doomed to destruction
have become doomed to destruction neither will I be with you anymore
neither will I be with you anymore
neither will I be with you anymore unless you destroy the accursed from
unless you destroy the accursed from
unless you destroy the accursed from among you get on sanctify the people and
among you get on sanctify the people and
among you get on sanctify the people and say sanctify yourselves for tomorrow
say sanctify yourselves for tomorrow
say sanctify yourselves for tomorrow because thus says the Lord God of Israel
because thus says the Lord God of Israel
because thus says the Lord God of Israel there is an accursed thing in your midst
there is an accursed thing in your midst
there is an accursed thing in your midst o Israel
o Israel
o Israel you cannot stand before your enemies
you cannot stand before your enemies
you cannot stand before your enemies until you take away the accursed thing
until you take away the accursed thing
until you take away the accursed thing from a monkey in the morning therefore
from a monkey in the morning therefore
from a monkey in the morning therefore you shall be brought according to your
you shall be brought according to your
you shall be brought according to your tribes and it shall be that the tribe
tribes and it shall be that the tribe
tribes and it shall be that the tribe which the Lord takes shall come
which the Lord takes shall come
which the Lord takes shall come according to families and the family
according to families and the family
according to families and the family which the Lord takes shall come by
which the Lord takes shall come by
which the Lord takes shall come by households and the household which the
households and the household which the
households and the household which the Lord takes shall come man
Lord takes shall come man
Lord takes shall come man then it shall be that he who is taken
then it shall be that he who is taken
then it shall be that he who is taken with the accursed thing shall be burned
with the accursed thing shall be burned
with the accursed thing shall be burned with fire he and all that he has because
with fire he and all that he has because
with fire he and all that he has because he has transgressed the Covenant of the
he has transgressed the Covenant of the
he has transgressed the Covenant of the Lord and because he has done a
Lord and because he has done a
Lord and because he has done a disgraceful thing in Israel sir Joshua
disgraceful thing in Israel sir Joshua
disgraceful thing in Israel sir Joshua rose early in the morning and brought
rose early in the morning and brought
rose early in the morning and brought Israel by their tribes and the tribe of
Israel by their tribes and the tribe of
Israel by their tribes and the tribe of Judah was taken he brought the clan of
Judah was taken he brought the clan of
Judah was taken he brought the clan of Judah and he took the family of the
Judah and he took the family of the
Judah and he took the family of the sides and he brought the family of the
sides and he brought the family of the
sides and he brought the family of the Tsar heights man by man and zaptie was
Tsar heights man by man and zaptie was
Tsar heights man by man and zaptie was taken then he brought his household man
taken then he brought his household man
taken then he brought his household man by man and akin the son of comely the
by man and akin the son of comely the
by man and akin the son of comely the son of zebedee the son of Zera of the
son of zebedee the son of Zera of the
son of zebedee the son of Zera of the tribe of Judah was taken now Joshua said
tribe of Judah was taken now Joshua said
tribe of Judah was taken now Joshua said to akin my son I beg you
to akin my son I beg you
to akin my son I beg you give glory to the Lord God of Israel and
give glory to the Lord God of Israel and
give glory to the Lord God of Israel and make confession to him and tell me now
make confession to him and tell me now
make confession to him and tell me now what you have done do not hide it from
what you have done do not hide it from
what you have done do not hide it from me indeed I have sinned against the Lord
me indeed I have sinned against the Lord
me indeed I have sinned against the Lord God of Israel this is what I have done
God of Israel this is what I have done
God of Israel this is what I have done when I saw among the spoils of beautiful
when I saw among the spoils of beautiful
when I saw among the spoils of beautiful Babylonian garments two hundred shekels
Babylonian garments two hundred shekels
Babylonian garments two hundred shekels of silver and a wedge of gold weighing
of silver and a wedge of gold weighing
of silver and a wedge of gold weighing fifty shekels I coveted them and took
fifty shekels I coveted them and took
fifty shekels I coveted them and took them and there they are hidden in the
them and there they are hidden in the
them and there they are hidden in the earth in the midst of my tent with the
earth in the midst of my tent with the
earth in the midst of my tent with the silver under it sir Joshua sent
silver under it sir Joshua sent
silver under it sir Joshua sent messengers and they ran to the tent and
messengers and they ran to the tent and
messengers and they ran to the tent and there it was hidden in his tent with the
there it was hidden in his tent with the
there it was hidden in his tent with the silver under it and they took them from
silver under it and they took them from
silver under it and they took them from the midst of the tent brought them to
the midst of the tent brought them to
the midst of the tent brought them to Joshua and to all the children of Israel
Joshua and to all the children of Israel
Joshua and to all the children of Israel and laid them out before the Lord
and laid them out before the Lord
and laid them out before the Lord then Joshua and all Israel with him took
then Joshua and all Israel with him took
then Joshua and all Israel with him took akin the son of Zera the silver the
akin the son of Zera the silver the
akin the son of Zera the silver the garment the wedge of gold his sons his
garment the wedge of gold his sons his
garment the wedge of gold his sons his daughters his oxen his donkeys his sheep
daughters his oxen his donkeys his sheep
daughters his oxen his donkeys his sheep his tent and all that he had and they
his tent and all that he had and they
his tent and all that he had and they brought them to the valley of Achor and
brought them to the valley of Achor and
brought them to the valley of Achor and Joshua said why have you troubled us the
Joshua said why have you troubled us the
Joshua said why have you troubled us the Lord will trouble you this day so all
Lord will trouble you this day so all
Lord will trouble you this day so all Israel spending with stones and they
Israel spending with stones and they
Israel spending with stones and they burned them with fire after they had
burned them with fire after they had
burned them with fire after they had stone them with stones and they raised
stone them with stones and they raised
stone them with stones and they raised over him a great heap of stones still
over him a great heap of stones still
over him a great heap of stones still there to this day so the Lord turned
there to this day so the Lord turned
there to this day so the Lord turned from the fierceness of his anger
from the fierceness of his anger
from the fierceness of his anger therefore the name of that place has
therefore the name of that place has
therefore the name of that place has been called the valley of Achor to this
been called the valley of Achor to this
been called the valley of Achor to this day
day
day [Music]
[Music]
[Music] [Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause] [Music]